My hobby is collecting free things from Craigslist free section and putting them to use or repairing them.

I enjoy doing this because waste sucks! Also it's interesting and cool to see what objects have been through. Here I'll document a few things that I've found and what I like about them.
Item categories of interest to me. 
I'm a tinker-er and enjoy learning about new types of systems: electronic, mechanical, chemical, etc. 
Usually, on Craigslist, that means I pick up household appliances like vacuums, blenders, TVs, and bikes. 
In addition, I've also scored some interesting project components like: a disassembled workbench parts, cabinet doors, and pieces of hardware.


Starting to be a free/lowcost craigslister:
0. Release your expectations of anything but curiosity and figuring things out. 
0a. It's OKAY to decide things aren't worth your time; no need to be a hoarder
1. Open up craigslist for your area and select 'Free Stuff' from the dropdown
2. Get in contact with posters that pique your interest
	2a. don't be afraid to ask questions, and 
	2b. remember, being nice can go a long way - we're talking about people taking the time to give you FREE STUFF, but they're often happy to chat a bit 
3. Plan on cleaning up the items and checking if there are repairs needed when deciding to take opportunities
4. Coordinate and pick it up
5. Consider putting your own useable and interesting items out there, you never know if someone else might get a kick out of it 


Additional Considerations
Spinning the free Craigslist roulette is exciting, but should be undertaken with some caution. 
Don't put yourself or anyone else in danger when picking up items; if something seems sketchy, it's best to bail out. 
Furthermore, be aware of the items you are picking up. If there are hazards, or it seems like too too much of a headache, you should be ready to say nope at any point: there's always another interesting listing, but your roommates, parents, cat may not appreciate you causing (too much) of a mess.

Appendix & Skill Resources
Youtube - search for repair videos
iFixit - great resource for electronics, and always adding more updates
Google - find part #s, schematics and trivia for your finds